[Logs] Adds one click logpush instructions (#20550)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/logs/get-started/enable-destinations/r2.mdx

  "enabled": true
}'
```

## Download logs from R2

Once your logs are stored in R2, you can download them using various methods:

### Dashboard

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/).

2. Navigate to R2 and select your bucket.

3. From your bucket's page, locate the desired log file.

4. Select on the **...** icon next to the file to download it.

![Log files list](~/assets/images/logs/logs-r2.png)

### AWS CLI

Cloudflare R2 is S3-compatible, so you can use the AWS CLI to interact with it.
  - Configure the AWS CLI with your R2 credentials.
  - Use the `aws s3 cp` command to download the log file:

> ```bash
> aws s3 cp s3://<bucket-name>/<path-to-log-file><local-destination>`
> ````
> 
> Replace `<bucket-name>`, `<path-to-log-file>`, and `<local-destination>` with your specific details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
aws s3 cp s3://<BUCKET-NAME>/<PATH-TO-LOG-FILE><LOCAL-DESTINATION>`
````

Replace `<BUCKET-NAME>`, `<PATH-TO-LOG-FILE>`, and `<LOCAL-DESTINATION>` with your specific details.
```

> Downloaded files are gzipped so they must be decompressed before viewing in a text editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloaded files are gzipped so they must be decompressed before you can open them in a text editor.
```

Reviewer: Replaced for inclusivity reasons
